The <i>TrackLib</i> API
-----
An API for creating surveys compatible with the <i>Track</i> Android application, available on:
- GooglePlay at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=informatics.uk.ac.ed.track, and on
- GitHub at https://github.com/rgauci/Track.

The `TrackQuestion` taxonomy supports 5 types of questions:

1. free-text, single-line
2. free-text, multiple-line
3. multiple-choice, single-answer (supports branching)
4. multiple-choice, multiple-answer
5. Likert scale (supports branching).

The `SurveyHelper.toJson()` method can be used to generate the JSON survey file required by the <i>Track</i> application.</br>
The `DatabaseHelper.createDatabaseSqlFile()` method can be used to generate an SQL script file for creating a database that will store the survey responses.

The <i>TrackSurveyBuilder</i> console application, available at https://github.com/rgauci/TrackSurveyBuilder, demonstrates the use of this API by creating the JSON & SQL files for the survey in use by the <i>Track</i> application, as published on the Google Play store.

The PHP Web Service
-----
The <i>Track</i> application verifies researcher credentials and uploads survey responses to an external web server via a PHP web service, the source code for which is  also included in this repository.

  - <i>login.php</i>
    </br>uses <i>config.login.inc.php</i> to verify researcher credentials
    
  - <i>addSurveyResponse.php</i>
    </br>uses <i>config.inc.php</i> to connect to the <i>Track Database</i>* and inserts records using prepared statements.
    
*The <i>Track Database</i> needs to be created via the SQL script generated by the <i>TrackLib</i> API, as explained above.

License
-----
Copyright 2015 Rachel Gauci
</br><i>This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.</i>

Acknowledgement
-----
<i>The research work disclosed in this publication is funded by the MASTER it! Scholarship Scheme (Malta). The scholarship is part-financed by the European Union - European Social Fund (ESF) under Operational Programme II - Cohesion Policy 2007-2013, “Empowering People for More Jobs and a Better Quality of Life”.</i>
